Create wac-acp-diff-story.md (#178)
solid/authorization-panel: proposals/wac-acp-diff-story.md

# ACP Compared to Web Access Control

This document is intended to reflect the following semi-authoritative (strongly suggestive) definitions:
- [W3C wiki](http://www.w3.org/wiki/WebAccessControl)
- [solid/specification](http://github.com/solid/specification)
- [sold/web-access-control](http://github.com/solid/solid-spec)
The goal is to ground conversations which compare WAC and ACP.
This is a work in progress.

Audience: those familiar with WAC or those who learn from comparisons

Access control is fundamentally about stating `who` can `do what` to `what resource`.

## ShEx for WAC:
Systems implementing Web Access Control (WAC) use a simple schema to make those assertions directly in RDF:

``` shex
PREFIX acl: <http://www.w3.org/ns/auth/acl#>
PREFIX foaf: <http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/>

<AclShape> {
  # who

>   (  acl:agentClass @<GroupShape> OR [foaf:Agent acl:AuthenticatedAgent] ;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (  acl:agentClass [foaf:Agent acl:AuthenticatedAgent]
```

# ACP Compared to Web Access Control

> This document is intended to reflect the following authoritative-ish definitions:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This document is intended to reflect the following semi-authoritative (strongly suggestive) definitions:
```
